 1. If you are not failing sometimes, you are not taking enough risks. -- Tina Seelig
 
 2. Business Model:
 - value proposition
 - customer segment
 - customer relationship
 - key activities
 - key resources
 - channel
 - partnership
 - cost structure
 - revenue stream
 
 3. value proposition
 customer profile (observed):
 - customer jobs (tasks)
 - pains (problems)
 - gains (expected outcome)
 
 value proposition map:
 - products and services (offering)
 - pain relievers (which of the pain is addressed)
 - gain creators (which gain is created)
 
 Problem solution fit:
 value proposition perfectly matches customer profile
 
 Product market fit:
 when market validates that match

 4. Lisa Lambert on corporate venture capital (CVC) as smart money: 
    bring companies executives together (relationship, endorsement), 
    let them pick each other reduces sales cycle
 
 5. A conversation with Steve Ballmer:
    balance culture of <short term outcome vs patience for tech and customer>, like ying and yang
    even for small startups
 
 6. A presentation by Larry Page
    Entrep. culture: small teams like a small startup, but gets more corporate later
    works innovatively quick without big investment
 
 7. Tom Conrad: Success is not about you
    to get out of struggle -> be humble: hire people that are jerks
    get constant inspiration
 
 8. Bill Sahlmann on the value of experience
    This speech teaches entrepreneurs to learn from mistakes, identify market gaps, and combine 
    existing ideas in new ways to create innovative products, as exemplified by John Osher's 
    success in transforming the oral care market by merging the concept of a manual toothbrush 
    with a battery-operated lollipop.
 
 9. Alice Fraser on exit, success, and failure
    Selling to a big company might be a big failure -> sold idea to wrong people
    Entrepreneurs are employeed by the ecosystem, industry and the people in it
    From failure your regconize the successes

10. Alice Fraser on exit, success, and failure
    Did not take enough business risks is a regret of many people


11. Greg Waldorf on Passion Datei
    Find out what you are passionate about care about and work on it
    -> How could I be involed with something that is less meaningful in people's lives once 
       I've done this?

12. Mohammed Yunus on Social Business
    Charity: you give the money, it does not go back
    Social business: it can expand and grow, sky is the limit

   


